sellers because problems okay this is if if there was a magic you know
glass classes as you would on C. B. gory make a lot of money so but
there isn't necessarily someone yeah you're gonna find them there were
things about that is you want to be careful with your time this
time is the one thing that you have very little of both the if you want
to go try to spend ninety percent of your time on ten percent of
your problem children okay what about the other ninety percent of our
day so this is the the balance that you're going to have to come
up with as a leader treat everyone fairly close also treat them for
what if the troublemakers were out there just the LSA ignore them but
be careful about the rest of the unit the rest of the division because
if you wind up spending on for the one percent or you're going
to use the restroom so it's a hard thing to work at balance what will
pay off